system-config: add option forced_stacktrace_level (#589)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: deployment/system-config.md

Please see also [Log Rotation Setting](logging.md#log-rotation-setting).

#### `forced_stacktrace_level`

| type | default | version |
| :--- | :---    | :---    |
| enum | "none"  | 1.19.0  |

Specifies `none` or the log level e.g. `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, or `fatal`.

> If you set a log level, log levels of stacktraces are forced to that level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set a log level for `forced_stacktrace_level`, log levels of stacktraces are forced to that level.
```

Author: Thanks! Applied!

Example:

```
<system>
  log_level info # This is the default. You can omit this.
  <log>
    forced_stacktrace_level info
  </log>
</system>
```

This setting results in the following behavior:

> * All stacktraces initially with `info` level (`log_level`) or higher will be forcibly logged with `info` level (`forced_stacktrace_level`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All stacktraces initially logged as `warn` or `error` level messages in most cases will be forcibly logged with `info` level (`forced_stacktrace_level`).
```

Reviewer: > Thanks to this, there's no concern that `trace` or `debug`-level stacktraces being excessively output as `info`-level logs.

So, should this example follow this use-case?
